party house of cards time to get your
dirty politician
today we're gonna meet Freddie's
all-american grants I love these these
are delicious
Freddie is one of my favorite characters
last we saw he was down and out he's
lost everything so I want to meet these
for him and really make him proud we're
gonna make a spiced rum and the barbecue
sauce put them in a foil packet with the
ribs and you bake on for one and a half
hours and then you have a barbecue sauce
and ribs all done in one packet super
simple let's get started
all right so for our barbecue sauce
we're gonna start off with some peach
preserves this is for mr. Frank
Underwood good southern man sauce it
reminds me of season one when they had
that whole issue with the big peach in
this hometown
so one crops peach preserves then cut
that up Chuck the third cut apple cider
vinegar 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard and
2 tablespoons worth - sure sure sure
it's birthday and then it's mix this all
together so it's great about this recipe
is the peach preserves are going to make
it a little sweet the ketchup and the
apple cider vinegar a nice and tangy and
it's going to make just an all-american
really delicious barbecue sauce okay so
the last thing I'm gonna add is 2
teaspoons of salt and I'm going to
reserve the rest for our dry rub so next
we're going to put together our dry rub
I'm gonna do chili powder cumin
coriander
salt
black pepper paprika cayenne now I'm not
going to tell everybody this but my
super secret ingredient is Chinese
five-spice this is for you Xander thing
wherever you might be right now now I'm
just gonna use my fingers and mix this
up
now that I have my barbecue sauce my
driver I'm ready what you want to do is
just have a sheet tray with two layers
of foil and your ribs in the center and
then you're gonna take your dry rub to
sprinkle it over the top a little dirty
Franken three all the time or really
chance other people get dirty forming
like so or does make sure that both
sides are coated now we observe st.
Louise style pork ribs you can use baby
back ribs but I would definitely
recommend sticking with pork for this
recipe all right once the ribs are
completely coated just turn them so the
bone side is down and then you take your
sauce pour it over putting the stock in
the packet you're gonna guarantee that
you have really really moist ribs that
they're basically gonna steam while they
cook and then I'm topping it with three
cloves of garlic and some cut on you
just one small yellow onion that you
slice up right now holding the super
important because you want to make sure
it's totally airtight okay so fold the
sides in the short
in first and then lifts up the long ends
together so that they meet at the top so
that you have a really really tight seal
nobody's gonna get into these drips once
they're like this and just pop them in
the oven so into a 300-degree oven for
an hour
okay so my rigs been eating for an hour
and a half
here's another secret that I'm gonna
talk to us - you don't unwrap the
package for 30 minutes to get super
moist and tender ribs
now that the ribs had sat for 30 minutes
I'm just gonna open up the foil packet
you can see that the sauce has thickened
already and it looks just like a
barbecue sauce Nexen is gonna take a
rubber spatula you just want to push the
sauce off of the ribs the ribs have
awesome let out its juices so that's
just an extra ingredient you weren't
even expecting in a barbecue sauce is
all that awesome pork flavor so I'm
going to move the ribs to at the sheet
tray cause you want to get the sauce on
its own
Wow a strainer and a pot already ready
and then you take the foil packet really
carefully
you want to make sure everything goes
through to strainer stuff for your
onions and garlic one sixth Ranger
barbecue sauce just put over to eat for
three to five minutes just to have it
thicken up
so the final touch the beats ribs I'm
just going to take the thickened
barbecue sauce brush it over the top
once you lather these guys up really
well save the rest of the sauce for
later you can just dip the ribs in for
some extra sauce so just cut them up all
right so these are all cut up and I'm
just gonna put them in my basket to get
ready to serve
I'm ready for president Underwood and
Claire to come over I think Friday would
be super proud of these delicious
all-american style ribs definitely meet
these ribs they're super delicious and
subscribe below and check out our other
house of cards recipes